Somebody's out there listening right now. 
 So please turn your radio oh oh oh. Yeah. 
 1st VERSE 
 She planned to finish school and get a degree. 
 Start a business and make her own money. 
 But somehow her dreams didn't work out that way. 
 She fell in love at the age of sixteen. 
 Had two babies and she couldn't believe that the boy she loved is now gone away. 
 But because you've had some setbacks in ya life. 
 It doesn't mean you shouldn't let, just let your dreams die. 
 Baby you're a star 
 Don't cha know who you are 
 Don't chu let anybody tell you nothin' different, but you know what's in ya heart 
 But baby you're a star 
 Don't cha know who ya are 
 If you could only see what I see, but first you must believe oh you're a star 
 2nd VERSE 
 He graduated at the top of the class 
 Had everything he needed and more. 
 And like eagle he was made to soar. 
 But at the wrong place, at the wrong time 
 Introduced to a drug that messed up his mind. 
 Lost so many years now he's makin' up for lost time 
 And you may have fallen on your journey my friend 
 But let me encourage you to get back up and try again 
 Baby you're a star 
 Don't cha know who you are 
 Don't let nobody tell you nothin' different, but then cha know that's in ya heart. 
 But baby you're a star 
 That's you ya are 
 If you could only see what I see, you first must believe baby you're a star 
 You are only human, you're born to make mistakes along the way 
 And God has blessed you with something that is so pure. 
 You just need some motivation, and need a little push 
 To get up off floor and walk through the dark 
 Baby you're a star ooh. 
 Don't let her tell ya nothin' different, than what ya know what's in your heart 
 Baby, baby, baby you're a star 
 You still can read to go, you got to take control 
 Baby you're a star oh. 
 Ah oh. Ah oh. 
 I know, I know baby you're a star. 
 That's who you are. 
 Just make up in your mind that you were meant to shine. 
 Baby... You're a star 
 That's who ya are. (Fade)