If you know the Lord for yourself, say, "oh yeah". 
 If He's your everything, your help, say, "oh yeah". 
 If Jesus Christ is Lord of your life, say, "oh yeah". 
 If for God you live, for God you die, say, "oh yeah". 
 Church we've been silent for much too long, 
 It's time to expose what's going on, 
 The brothas singin' 'bout booties, this ain't 'bout thongs, 
 Don't let 'em stop us from singin' our song. 
 We're the sons, we're on a mission, 
 We're the chosen ones, the battle ain't over, 
 But it's just begun and when you're through 
 You and your crew will know what God can do. 
 (Just join with us), 
 (Just come on help us lift Him up). 
 (Stand on your feet), 
 (If you know you got victory). 
 How long will you halt between two opinions, 
 If the Lord's your God, then go take dominion 
 Over this land, like only you can, 
 I need Fred Hammond to make you understand. 
 We are not ashamed to preach the gospel 
 Like it ain't no game, casting out demons in Jesus' name; 
 Don't run, don't hide, it's the only way for you to survive. 
 (Just join with us), 
 (Just come on help us lift Him up). 
 (Stand on your feet), 
 (If you know you got victory). 
 If you can know Him for yourself, 
 If He's your everything, He's your help. 
 If He's Lord over your life, 
 If for God you live and for God you die. 
 Rap: 
 Yo, extra, extra read all about it, 
 You know the track's sick 'cause Deitrick is 'bout it. 
 Oops did it again, dance floor crowded, 
 Baptized ruckus like dressing on salad. 
 I'm non-violent but I spit strong, 
 J 4-7, haters be gone. 
 You're dead wrong if you ain't born again, 
 Might of had strong cats all fall to sin. 
 Anointing of God destroyed the yoke of bondage, 
 Keep it grimy and gutter like your armpits. 
 So free to be me like only I can, 
 Mr. All-fix-it, I'm that man. 
 Butter's still daddy, flossin' that beat 
 Two hours with D. Haddy, 
 BB Jay worldwide just phat Verity, 
 J to the I to V to the E, 2003, holla at me. 
 Vamp 1: 
 Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, 
 Oh yeah, oh yeah, yeah. 
 Vamp 2: 
 Ooh, oh yeah.