Well, it was battered and scarred 
 And the auctioneer felt it was hardly worth his while 
 To waste much time on the old violin 
 But he held it up with a smile 
 "Well, it sure ain't much but it's all we've got left 
 I guess we ought to sell it too 
 Oh, now who'll start the bid on this old violin? 
 Just one more and we'll be through" 
 And then he cried: 
 "One give me one dollar, who'll make it two 
 Only two dollars who'll make it three 
 Three dollars twice now that's a good price 
 Now who's gonna bid for me? 
 Raise up your hand now don't wait any longer 
 The auction's about to end 
 Who's got four, just one dollar more 
 To bid on this old violin?" 
 Well, the air was hot and the people stood around 
 As the sun was setting low 
 From the back of the crowd a gray-haired man 
 Came forward and picked up the bow 
 He wiped the dust from the old violin 
 Then he tightened up the strings, ooh 
 And then he played out a melody pure and sweet 
 Sweeter than the angels sing 
 And then the music stopped and the auctioneer 
 With a voice that was quiet and low 
 He said, "Now what am I bid for this old violin?" 
 And he held it up with a bow 
 And then he cried out: 
 "One give me one thousand, who'll make it two? 
 Only two thousand who'll make it three? 
 Three thousand twice, you know that's a good price 
 Come on, who's gonna to bid for me?" 
 And the people cried out "What made the change? 
 We don't understand" 
 Then the auctioneer stopped, and he said with a smile 
 "It was the touch of the Master's hand" 
 You know, there's many a man with his life out of tune 
 Battered and scarred with sin 
 And he's auctioned cheap to a thankless world 
 Much like that old violin 
 Oh, but then the Master comes and that old foolish crowd 
 They never understand, no 
 The worth of a soul and the change that is wrought 
 Just by one touch of the Master's hand 
 And then he cried out: 
 "One give me one thousand, who'll make it two? 
 Only two thousand who'll make it three? 
 Three thousand twice, you know that's a good price 
 Come on, who's gonna bid for me?" 
 And the people cried out, "What made the change? 
 We don't understand" 
 Then the auctioneer stopped, and he said with a smile 
 "It was the touch, that's all it was 
 It was the touch of the Master's hand 
 It was the touch of the Master's hand 
 Oh, it was the touch of the Master's hand"