At first we trusted anyone who said they had a cure 
 But with every disappointment it grew harder to be sure 
 Still, when we heard of Jesus, we went looking for this Man 
 Who could break the grip of demons by the pow'r of His command. 
 We found His close disciples in the foothills where He'd been 
 But as I tried to talk to them, the devil struck again 
 And my son began to scream aloud, and his eyes rolled back inside 
 He fell and moaned and stiffened out, and I turned to them and cried 
 "Cast it out of him, I beg you!" but it was all to no avail 
 And as each one made excuses, all my hopes began to fail 
 Then I heard excited voices shouting out, "The Master's here!" 
 And as Jesus walked right toward me, desperation conquered fear 
 And I begged Him, "Rabbi, help us! He's my son, my only son! 
 Your men have tried to cast it out, but nothing could be done! 
 And he's been like this since childhood - no one can tell us why 
 But, sir, if you can help at all, I beg you please to try!" 
 "If you can!?!" He thundered, "You ask Me if I can!?! 
 Everything is possible if there's faith inside a man!" 
 I cried, "Oh, Lord, forgive me, please - I've lived so long with grief 
 I do believe you can, Oh Lord! Please help my unbelief!" 
 He told the spirit, "Leave the boy and enter him no more!" 
 It shrieked and threw him on the ground, worse than all the times before 
 Till at last he lay just like a corpse, and I thought it was the end 
 But Jesus raised him up and said, "Here's your son, my friend." 
 We walked back home that evening, and his mother laughed and cried 
 As we told her all that Jesus did, how the others failed that tried 
 And the lesson that He taught me in the healing we received: 
 "Everything is possible to someone who believes." 
 Everything is possible to someone who believes 
 It is your Father's joy to give to all who will receive 
 Those who strive are always caught in the tangled webs they weave 
 But everything is possible to someone who believes.