Since 'way before King David, every city had a wall 
 Built of stone cut carefully, wide and smooth and tall 
 To protect from the invader, the raider and brigand - 
 To keep the people safe at night from the lawless in the land 
 Now the city of Jerusalem had been a joy for all to see 
 But the people turned to evil and to great iniquity 
 And in judgment we were exiled to the land of Babylon 
 And Jerusalem was laid to waste by the army that had won 
 Then when sevn'ty years had ended, thousands went back to our land 
 But there was nothing left of what was once so awesome and so grand 
 And I guess they just lost heart, but no one tried to build again 
 The glory of those former days and how life there once had been 
 So I prayed to God in heaven to remind Him of His word - 
 That if we'd turn our hearts to Him, our prayers would then be heard 
 And He'd rebuild us in the place that He'd chosen for His name 
 And no sooner had I had prayed to Him, than the answer swiftly came 
 Because the king said, "Nehemiah, go and build that city back!" 
 He made me its rulin' governor, and of money I had no lack 
 So with soldiers all around me that were there at my command 
 I left Babylon rejoicing, goin' to see the Promised Land! 
 Shout! With joy to God everybody 
 Sing hallelujah! Shout! With joy to God everybody 
 Make glorious His praise 
 Shout! With joy to God everybody 
 Sing hallelujah! Shout! With joy to God everybody 
 Make glorious his praise! 
 Say to Him, "How awesome are Your works! 
 How great and irresistible Your power! How beautiful, how glorious is Your Name!" 
 But when I rode into Jerusalem, all the gates and walls were down 
 There was nothing left but piles of stones, just rubble all around 
 No one held their head up high, they lived in constant fear 
 There was nothin' to protect them and the loved ones they held dear 
 So I called 'em all together, and I told 'em 'bout my plan: 
 "We're goin' to work together, now, every woman, child and man 
 You know, I've got the King's endorsement because God is on our side 
 And we're going to build this city back, with a wall that's high and wide!" 
 So everybody got movin', workin', buildin' on that wall 
 Whatever part you lived close to, that's where your lot would fall 
 The people, they had a mind to work, and the wall began to rise 
 In less than just a month it stood up half its finished size 
 But then our enemies, they plotted, "We'd better stop them while we can! 
 You know, once that wall's completed, ain't no way we're gonna rule this land!" 
 So they tried intimidation, and they threatened, schemed and cursed 
 But the more they tried to frighten us, for themselves they made things worse- 
 'Cause we all put on our swords by day, then stood a watch at night' 
 And half of us held spears and shields till the stars began their light 
 With th' one hand we'd be workin', with one prepared to fight 
 Till the wall at last was finished, and we danced upon its height 
 Shout! With joy to God everybody 
 Sing hallelujah! Shout! With joy to God everybody 
 Make glorious His praise 
 Shout! With joy to God everybody 
 Sing hallelujah! Shout! With joy to God everybody 
 Make glorious his praise! 
 Say to Him, "How awesome are Your works! 
 How great and irresistible Your power! How beautiful, how glorious is Your Name!" 
 Now the wall we built was massive, seventeen feet wide and strong 
 Forty feet from top to bottom, and well over two miles long 
 Because the pow'r of God was magnifyin' everything we'd do - 
 The days from start to finish, they were only fifty-two 
 Then the priests and all the singers and musicians from their towns 
 They all came up to Jerusalem to make a loud and joyful sound 
 And two great choirs went marchin' four abreast upon that wall 
 Singin' songs of joy to the Lord of Hosts, givin' glory for it all.