In Genesis, He's the breath of life. 
 In Exodus, the passover lamb. 
 In Leviticus, He's our high priest. 
 Numbers, fire by night. 
 Deuteronomy, He's Moses voice. 
 In Joshua, He is salvation's choice. 
 Judges, lawgiver. 
 In Ruth, the kinsmen redeemer. 
 1st and 2nd Samuel, our trusted prophet. 
 In Kings and Chronicles, He's sovereign. 
 Ezra, a true and faithful scribe. 
 In Nehemiah, He's the rebuilder of broken walls and lives. 
 In Esther He is Mordecai's courage. 
 In Job the timeless redeemer. 
 In Psalms He is our morning song. 
 In Proverbs, wisdom's cry. 
 Ecclesiastes the time and season. 
 In the Song of Solomon, He is the lover's dream. 
 He is, He is, He Is. 
 In Isaiah, He's the prince of peace. 
 Jeremiah, the weeping prophet. 
 In Lamentations, the cry for Israel. 
 Ezekiel, He's the call from sin. 
 In Daniel, the stranger in the fire. 
 In Hosea, He is forever faithful. 
 In Joel, He is the Spirit's power. 
 In Amos, the arms that carry us. 
 In Obadiah, He's the Lord our Savior. 
 In Jonah, He's the great missionary. 
 In Micah, the promise of peace. 
 In Nahum, He is our strength and our shield. 
 In Habakkuk and Zephaniah, He's the leading for revival. 
 In Haggai, He restores the lost heritage. 
 In Zechariah, our fountain. 
 In Malachi, He's the Son of Righteousness rising with healing in His wings. 
 He is, He is, He is. 
 In Matthew, Mark, Luke and John, He is God, man, Messiah. 
 In the book of Acts, He is the fire from Heaven. 
 In Romans, He's the Grace of God. 
 In Corinthians, the power of love. 
 In Galatians, He is freedom from the curse of sin. 
 Ephesians, our glorious treasure. 
 Philippians, the servant's heart. 
 In Colossians, He's the Godhead Trinity. 
 Thessalonians, our coming King. 
 In Timothy, Titus, Philemon, He's our mediator and our faithful pastor. 
 In Hebrews, the everlasting covenant. 
 In James, the one who heals the sick. 
 In 1st and 2nd Peter, He's our shepherd. 
 In John and in Jude, He's the lover coming for His bride. 
 In the Revelation, He is King of Kings and Lord of Lords. 
 He is, He is, He is. 
 The Prince of Peace, the Son of Man, the Lamb of God, the great I AM. 
 He's the Alpha and Omega, our God and our Savior. 
 He is Jesus Christ the Lord. 
 And when time is no more. 
 He is, He is.