The entire track is spoken: 
 You know, I have a 
 We're in this place, and I, I much love Jesus, though 
 You know, I've a 
 There's a Scripture that I love because it, it shows me how much God loves me in spite of who I am, and 
 We were talking about it today, we were doing a Bible study, and we were talking about it 
 It's in John -- and it says that God demonstrates His own love to us, that while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us 
 So that means, you guys, He knows everything about you; He knows everything about me, and He still loves us, you know? 
 And He still gave everything for us.  And I think it's one of those things where God, lately in my heart 
 I'm just like, "Lord, please.  I'm tired of myself, I'm tired of so many times trying to build up the little kingdoms that I have here." 
 And, and it's been a conviction in my heart 
 Because, the thing is, it's so easy because we live here in this earth 
 There's a Scripture that says 
 Set your mind on things above, not on the things of this earth. 
 Why?  Because this is not our home 
 And, you see, the thing is, is that 
 We are not here at all, at all, to build our kingdoms 
 We are here solely for the purpose of building the kingdom of God, you guys.  That's it. That's it. 
 And until we let go and release the things of this world that, that pull so often 
 Man, I just want to, you see, 
 He's my King, He's my King 
 And as Him being my King, and me being His servant, us being His servants 
 I just want to truly say, "Lord, I want to do whatever You want me to do.  Surrender my all unto You." 
 Guys, I, I, mentioned, I look at what is going on, and I was talking about it earlier, and 
 My heart, like never before has been urgent, has been desperate for this generation 
 You guys, there is so many distractions that's going on 
 And I know because I get caught up in that, 
 And it's funny -- we have so many things that keep us busy, and I laugh because, you know, I have an iPhone, and I love my iPhone, you know, and uh, if there is ten minutes of dead time 
 I'm like, "Let me see what the next app that I can maybe download, you know.  And it's just like whenever we can or somebody I can text for a second 
 And those things aren't bad 
 It's just that there's a lot of distractions 
 Almost numbing us to the fact that we are in desperate need, in desperate need of a Savior 
 Because we have filled ourselves up with so many things here in this earth 
 There's a generation out there, there are people out there that are hurting; that are broken. 
 You guys, I just, 
 I was writing for this record, and I said, "God, give me something that You want me to share, I don't want it to be of myself at all." 
 I was on my face, and just weeping 
 And God would just take back to the basics of our Christianity 
 You see, how often do we really go out, and we go out and serve people, whether it be going to the hospital, or going wherever,going to your next door neighbor and saying, "Can I mow your lawn, just for free. I just want to serve you 
 Why?  God loves you." 
 I mean I'm making little examples here 
 But the point is, is that we're called to reach out, each and every one of us 
 Matthew 5 says you are the light of the world, let your light shine among men that they may glorify your Father in heaven 
 And you guys, there's so many people that, that maybe speak the truth, too 
 And this song is called "Louder Than Before" 
 And we all know that actions speak louder than words, we know that. 
 When you're serving someone, when you're loving someone, showing them Christ, it speaks volumes. 
 There's those who speak truth, but there's no love, and no one wants to hear it 
 And there's those that quote unquote love, but they're afraid to offend someone, so they won't speak the truth 
 You guys, the truth will set you free, and you shall be free indeed 
 You guys, we have been given the gift of eternal life 
 You see, I want to encourage you, but it begins with love. 
 1 Corinthians 13, what does it say? 
 It says, "We can speak of the tongue of men and of angels, but have not love, it's a resounding gong or a clanging symbol. 
 We can even remove mountains, do all these great things, but if we have not love, we're nothing. 
 If I'm on stage here tonight and I'm not on my face before the Lord, I'm not loving you guys. 
 Shame on me. 
 God's been convicting me I've been on my face, just saying, "Lord, I don't want this to be about me at all" 
 You guys, read your Bibles, read your Bibles 
 This is not just our Christian duty 
 This is the Word of God 
 Hebrews 4, it says its living and its active 
 I mean it's doing, doing something in our hearts 
 And I want to encourage you, before you want to see God do those things through you, 'cause He's gonna use each and every one of you.  You don't have to be on stage here. 
 We can pour out to one another and reach this nation and all these 18,000 plus people here in this city, in the surrounding areas, and show the love of Jesus Christ, and serve, and speak the truth. 
 You guys, things can happen. 
 Our moment is now. We have one shot 
 Surrender all, surrender all 
 Before He can work through You, He has to work in You 
 Fall more in love with Jesus 
 So you can tell the world 
 More and more about your Savior, and how He is.