(Intro Music) 
 I was takin' a trip on a plane the other day 
 Just wishing that I could get out. 
 When the man next to me saw the book in my hand 
 And asked me what it was about. 
 So I settled back in my seat- 
 "A best seller," I said. 
 "A history, a mystery in one." 
 And then I opened up the book and began to read 
 From Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. 
 He was born of a virgin one holy night 
 In the little town of Bethlehem. 
 Angels gathered round him underneath the stars 
 Singing praises to the great I Am. 
 He walked on the water, healed the lame and made the blind to see again. 
 And for the first time here on earth we learned that God could be a friend. 
 And though he never ever did a single thing wrong 
 The angry crowd chose him. And then he walked down the road 
 And died on the cross and that was the end of the beginning. 
 "That's not a new book that's a bible," he said, "and I've heard it all before. 
 I've tried religion- its shame and guilt and I don't need it anymore. 
 It's superstition, made up tales and just to help the weak to survive." 
 "Let me read it again," I said, "listen closely, 'cause this is gonna change your life. 
 "The end of the beginning," he said with a smile. 
 "What more could there be? He's dead. 
 You said they hung him, put nails in His hands 
 And a crown of thorns on His head." 
 I said, "I'll read it again but this time there's more, 
 And I believe that this is true. 
 His death wasn't the end, the beginning of life 
 That's completed in you. 
 Don't you see he did all this for you!" 
 He was born of a virgin one holy night 
 In the little town of Bethlehem 
 All the angles singing praises to the great I AM 
 He walked on the water, healed the lame, 
 And made the blind to see (eee) 
 (And for the first time here on earth) 
 Did you know that God could be a friend. 
 Tho He never ever did a single thing wrong, 
 He was the one the crowd chose. 
 Then he walked and he died but 
 Three days later (3x) HE ROSE! 
 Three days later he rose! 
 You see he came, he lived, and he died. 
 But that was the end of the beginning.2